Hi and welcome back.
In this video, we're going to be installing Python.
All you have to do is go to python.org,
then hover over the downloads tab,
and click on the appropriate version.
At the moment, we're on Python 3.7,
but this may increase later on.
All content in this course works with all Python versions
from 3.5 onwards, so don't worry too much
about which Python version you're installing.
If you're using macOS, just click on the installer,
and follow it as you would for any other programme.
If you're on Windows, though, you may need
to change some settings, so let's look at that now.
On Windows, the process is the same.
Go to python.org, hover over downloads,
and download it for Windows.
Do make sure that you are using Windows Vista or after
as Python 3.5-plus cannot be used on XP.
Once you've opened the Python installer on Windows,
you gotta make sure that add Python 3.7 to PATH,
this checkbox down here is checked,
you do need that for everything to work well,
as that allows other programmes to use Python,
and because we're gonna be using PyCharm,
that's gonna come in very handy.
Once that's checked, you can just go ahead
and click on instal now.
And that's gonna go through and instal Python
in your computer.
If you're on Windows 10, once the installation completes,
you will be able to disable the path length limit.
What this means is that in some cases you may have
a file path that is longer than the limit for Windows,
but you can allow Python to bypass it,
which gives you more flexibility for really no drawbacks.
If you're using Windows 8 or earlier,
that option won't be there, but that's okay,
don't worry too much about it.
Once that's done, you can close and you can launch IDLE.
So do make sure you open the Python 3.7 version,
or whichever other version of Python you want to open.
Alright, that's everything for this video.
Thank you for joining me.
We've learned how to instal Python
and now we're ready to move on.
I'll see you in the next video.